---
layout: post
title: something I want to say
categories: Dairy
---
Something I want to say
Now I am facing the problem to find a job. I failed to go abroad because of lacking money. Actully going abroad to study do not need much money if you study so well. But I am not studying so good so I said that I am lacking of money. Once I employed by a big company named RenRen.com. I quited from the company after one month I got into it. At that time I thought this company is not proper for me. I am an ambitious people, and after 1 year my father died I hope to do thing meaningful. I tried to get a postgraduated education.But I failed. I made a too high target for me. During this perioud I caught the target for my job or for my life, my father suddently died when he went to sleep. He fall down and never got up again. There are some problems with his heart. He died at the age of 50. From 2012 in the IT circle many people realised that hardwares are reviving. And I started to focus on the open source hardwares like Raspberry Pi and Arduino. With all these equipments I thougnt I could make something to prevent the things happened to my father. With the experience of working in RenRen.com, I knew that I must get a job I like. For my life goal, I would learn some programming skills in the new job. I have to complete my dream for my father.

I graduated from a famous school. A TV series named Young Marshal is hot in China. And the dominant role is a formal president of my university. According to the program, I realized that I should be a person useful for my country. Life is not the little things about living but to make a difference. Several days ago I went to BeiJing. I visited some friends who are openning their own companies. I found that I can make my business big with the help of some investors. Now I am judging whether to open my own company or to find a job. If I decide to open my own company I will face many problems. Now I don't have enought money. Actually I only have about 20,000 YUAN now. And I have no people to help me. My company just have one people. Haha. It seems that finding a job is a safty choice. I am sure that I must to find a job related to programming skills. If you let me code now, I feel happy. This is the reason. So let me find a job first.

The things I want to do. I can do them using my parttime. And I need to improve my programming skills. Now if you want to do something amazing, you shoul be a good programmer. 
