---
layout:post
title:"New Start"
permalink:
date: 2016-03-01 11:52:30 
categories: Diary
---
A long time I didn't post on my blog. Many things happened to me last 5 years. 5 years ago I was going to graduate from the university Northeastern University. At that time I am nervious about what my life will be. I am an ambitious guy.So I am disappointed with my work that I wll attend. Actually I know at that time I do not have a target I just want to make a difference. I entered a big company and I soon quited from it.It is a good company. And In the company I found that I need to improve myself as quick as possible. And I thought the quickest way to improve my self is to be a postgraduate student. And I thought if I want to make a difference I should be a master of science and technology first. In the next 3 years I fell into the abyss pursuiting for the school I want to enter. Now I felt that I set high goals for myself. I am anxious to achieve quick success.Now I am on a new start of my life.

First, I know that I have a life goal. My father suddenly died nearly I attending to work. This thing hurt me a lot and made me slid into a depression for several years. Now I know the goal I mush achieve in my life. My father told me he was healthy several days bbefore he died. It was Spring Festival. And I went to schools to prepare for NEEP (the National Entrance Examination for Postgraduate). My school is in ShenYang and my home is in WeiNan. It needs 30hours to get there by train. I got school and called my father. Hewas died at that night. after 2 or 3 years, My good friend JiaXiaohui wanted to quited from Alibaba. I suggested him take care. At that time he asked me whether I got a life goal, what thing you have to complete in your life. This question shocked me. Finally I knew I the thing I want to do. And I changed my plan. 

Second,I wanted to go to a good school in America. I know I want to learn necessary knowledge to realize my dream. But it seems I fail now. I do not make a good plan. And i believe that all my family are going to help me. For now I know you have to complete your dream by yourself. Losing my father all the family members are with no support. I should not ask help from my family member. Now I will do all things by myself.

Third, during the time I am preparing for study abroad. I met my gf . Now we build our relationship for 15 monthes. She gives me a huge spirit support. Now she meets some difficulties in her life. I have the ability to  help her. So I want to get a job and make her feel relaxed. 

Work hard and I will make all my dreams come true.


Allen
Xi'An China
Mar-01-2016
